add dynamic metaFields option (#2834)
transloadit/uppy: website/src/docs/dashboard.md

})
```

> If you want the meta fields to be dynamically assigned depending on the file type, pass a function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’d like the meta fields to be dynamically assigned depending on, for instance, the file type, pass a function:
```

> You can also specify a function that takes a [File Object](https://uppy.io/docs/uppy/#File-Objects) and returns an array of UI field objects:

Reviewer: Maybe add “instead of an array” or similar? Not sure if it’s clear right now that this is about `metaFields`, because the example above refers to `render`.
